content/about/_index.md, before:

+++
title = "About Us"
description = "Learn about Newquay Surf Life Saving Club's history, mission, and values"
date = 2025-03-11T12:00:00Z
draft = false
+++

# About Newquay Surf Life Saving Club

![Club members](https://placehold.co/800x400?text=Club+Members)

## Our History

Established in 1975, Newquay Surf Life Saving Club has been a cornerstone of beach safety in Cornwall for nearly 50 years. What began as a small group of dedicated volunteers has grown into one of the UK's premier surf lifesaving clubs.

## Our Mission

Our mission is threefold:

1. **Safety** - To promote water safety and reduce drownings through education and training
2. **Sport** - To develop competitive athletes in surf lifesaving disciplines
3. **Community** - To foster a sense of community and environmental stewardship

## Our Committee

| Position | Name | Contact |
|----------|------|---------|
| Chairperson | Jane Smith | chair@nslsc.org.uk |
| Secretary | John Brown | secretary@nslsc.org.uk |
| Treasurer | Sarah Williams | treasurer@nslsc.org.uk |
| Head Coach | Mike Johnson | coach@nslsc.org.uk |
| Junior Coordinator | Lisa Davies | juniors@nslsc.org.uk |

## Our Facilities

Our clubhouse is located on Fistral Beach and includes:

- Changing rooms and showers
- Equipment storage
- Training room
- Social area
- First aid station

## Affiliations

We are proud members of:

- Surf Life Saving Great Britain (SLSGB)
- Royal Life Saving Society UK (RLSS UK)
- International Life Saving Federation (ILS)

Commit message:

Show warning on dummy about page

content/about/_index.md, after:

---
title: About Newquay Surf Life Saving Club
description: Learn about Newquay Surf Life Saving Club's history, mission, and values
date: 2025-03-11T12:00:00Z
draft: false
---

{{< callout type="warning" >}}
  This page contains example content and should not be taken literally
{{< /callout >}}

# 

![Club members](https://placehold.co/800x400?text=Club+Members)

## Our History

Established in 1975, Newquay Surf Life Saving Club has been a cornerstone of beach safety in Cornwall for nearly 50 years. What began as a small group of dedicated volunteers has grown into one of the UK's premier surf lifesaving clubs.

## Our Mission

Our mission is threefold:

1. **Safety** - To promote water safety and reduce drownings through education and training
2. **Sport** - To develop competitive athletes in surf lifesaving disciplines
3. **Community** - To foster a sense of community and environmental stewardship

## Our Committee

| Position | Name | Contact |
|----------|------|---------|
| Chairperson | Jane Smith | chair@nslsc.org.uk |
| Secretary | John Brown | secretary@nslsc.org.uk |
| Treasurer | Sarah Williams | treasurer@nslsc.org.uk |
| Head Coach | Mike Johnson | coach@nslsc.org.uk |
| Junior Coordinator | Lisa Davies | juniors@nslsc.org.uk |

## Our Facilities

Our clubhouse is located on Fistral Beach and includes:

- Changing rooms and showers
- Equipment storage
- Training room
- Social area
- First aid station

## Affiliations

We are proud members of:

- Surf Life Saving Great Britain (SLSGB)
- Royal Life Saving Society UK (RLSS UK)
- International Life Saving Federation (ILS)
